Hi guys, in this video I want to create
a nice video like this using multi key
frame beting between two seconds there
is a key frame between those images and
this model when I use this five models
of images.
Okay, that's okay. First thing first,
let's go to template
video
change. Okay, it's open.
Okay, the requirement of using this
model. We have to download this client
we English video high noise and drawing
noise 13 GB
after that you have to go with those
lowers
have stop loss for them always need to
have
step highs or step lower okay how to
download that they click right here and
the downloading is game or you can use
the DM to download those file after
downloading those files.
Let's add it to my workflow.
Okay, how to do okay I already download
those files. First one 1312
image to high noise. Okay, let's go
right here. This is my computer. We can
watch the previous video of the download
in the description
to uh watch how to download and install
Compui portable framework. Okay, after
downloading the compi and install this h
compile search for edibus
uh okay let's go here to the modus and
let's add those mod how to do add this
modules okay after downloading those
modish
you have to go right here to download
the first one
let's see the fusion body the high li in
this one abdominal and diffusion mod
where is diffusion
or
what is those files
I don't see let's show the EDM while I
download this
okay
this one it.
Select both of them
and let's go here to the fusion model.
Copy it right here.
Lorus.
Let's move to those two high low nose
and high nose and low.
So here search for lorus. This is lorus.
Select the first one and second one and
make it here in lorus.
After adding all those files in camp UI,
refresh the page and let's see.
Okay, I think it's fine
now.
We have to make frames for those.
Okay. Start frame and end
uh frame. Start frame and end flame
for all of those images. Okay. Let's
make
one image right here.
Let's make this
first frame only. And let's see what's
the result.
We have to make
six spikes.
But the problem I don't have spikes.
Let's out this
Let's see the result.
I had multiple
to generate 5 seconds video using this
uh model. Let's key frame between those
images. It takes around uh 17 minutes.